Website copy




Hero Section

*idea is to grab someone’s attention with a hook* 

Hero title:
in small fonts
Source brings you
*in big fonts* 
Access to heroes and masters of past and present 
*in small fonts again*
In an experience that feels intimate

Hero subtitle:
Interactive AI avatars that are true personality twins of your role-model




Under the fold -
Use this following section first and the app section later or do reverse; its upto you


How does it work?

*user is interested, wants to know more*

We partner with organisations behind famous personalities and through their AI avatar, we bring their:
Knowledge and Expertise
presence, style, voice, look and feel in an immersive conversation experience
their perspective and emotional side
Most importantly, intimacy with your role model - from our advanced cutting edge personalisation technology




The app 

*tell users how they actually interact with the avatars*

Source is a mobile app platform that has avatars from many different fields and areas.
A versatile library of great minds that all know you.

Our advanced personality modelling technology gives you a highly intimate experience with our avatars.

Horizontal scroll idea here maybe




Bringing a spiritual master back to life

Demo

*now the user wants to see this action*

A high def rendering of gururaj now and demo video of the app later

Gururaj Ananda Yogi

A fully realised spiritual master of our age who travelled to countries in Europe and North America to spread authentic eastern spiritual wisdom to householders in the west, giving them meaning, purpose and tools to manage their modern life struggles.

[photos of gururaj with crowds at IFSU]

Although he passed away in 1988, his followers never stopped sharing his wisdom and presence via old cassette tapes and youtube videos. Now source is bringing his persona to life and reconnecting his followers to their beloved guru.




Optional

Avatars we have coming soon to the platform

*user wants to know who else is on the platform*

Slideshow of people



Waiting list

*now the user is interested to try*

Source app is currently in closed beta. Please sign up to be one of the first to try the platform before public launch. 
We don't send promotional email; only updates about the app

Waiting list form




Footer

Source is a US based company pioneering personality modelling using a proprietary machine learning based system. Interaction with avatars feel authentic and personal. 

Social media icons
